Update the Agent CLI topics to clarify flow mode syntax (#4697)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/cli/convert.md

canonical: https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/cli/convert/
labels:
  stage: beta
title: grafana-agent-flow convert
weight: 100
---

# `grafana-agent-flow convert` command

The `grafana-agent-flow convert` command converts a supported configuration format
to Grafana Agent Flow River format.

## Usage

Usage: 

* `grafana-agent-flow convert [FLAG ...] FILE_NAME`

> * `AGENT_MODE=flow grafana-agent convert [FLAG ...] FILE_NAME`

Reviewer: I'd personally swap the order of these two; it's more common to have a `grafana-agent` binary where you set `AGENT_MODE=flow` than it is to have the `grafana-agent-flow` binary. 

The `grafana-agent` binary is always used on Docker and Kubernetes deployments, which are our most common type of deployment.

Author: That works for me.

Author: Fixed in a new commit.

If the `FILE_NAME` argument is not provided or if the `FILE_NAME` argument is
equal to `-`, `grafana-agent-flow convert` converts the contents of standard input. Otherwise,

> `grafana-agentflow convert` reads and converts the file from disk specified by the argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`grafana-agent-flow convert` reads and converts the file from disk specified by the argument.
```

Author: Fixed and pushed this change
